CASMCMS-8720: Update docs for CFS v3 and paging (#4283)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/iuf/workflows/management_rollout.md

        ```bash
        XNAME=x3000c0s13b0n0
        cray cfs v3 components describe "${XNAME}"
        ```

        The desired value for `configuration_status` is `configured`. If it is `pending`, then wait for the status to change to `configured`.

>     1. (`ncn-m001#`) Upgrade the remainging NCN storage nodes once the first has upgraded sucessfully. This upgrades NCN storage nodes serially.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. (`ncn-m001#`) Upgrade the remaining NCN storage nodes once the first has upgraded successfully. This upgrades NCN storage nodes serially.
```
